BUG: pd.DataFrame.from_records() raises a KeyError if passed a string index and an empty iterable (#47319)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.5.0.rst

Strings
^^^^^^^
- Bug in :meth:`str.startswith` and :meth:`str.endswith` when using other series as parameter _pat_. Now raises ``TypeError`` (:issue:`3485`)

> - Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.from_records` raises a ``KeyError`` if passed a string index and an empty iterable (:isue:`#47285`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.from_records` raises a ``KeyError`` if passed a string field label and an empty iterable (:isue:`#47285`)
```

> - Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.from_records` raises a ``KeyError`` if passed a string field label and an empty iterable (:isue:`#47285`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.from_records` raises a ``KeyError`` if passed a string field label and an empty iterable (:issue:`47285`)
```
